**This is for the subscale rocket**
The CAD files will be organized into folders corresponding to self-contained subsystems. 
If any dimensions are required to reference an external .txt file, place the .txt file 
into the "References Files Folder". This way all folders can access the same external .txt 
files to define their dimensions in unison. The following folders will contain the various 
subsystems of the rocket.

File Structure:


1 Solidworks Rocket Model
	1 Upper Section
		1 Nose Cone
	2 Middle Section
		1 Upper Airframe
		2 Recovery Bay
		3 Middle Airframe (If needed)
	3 Lower Section
		1 Lower Airframe
		2 Motor Retention System
		3 Fins
	4 Miscellaneous
	5 Reference Files



Folder Description Breakdown:


1 Solidworks Rocket Model
This is the main folder which holds all the following subfolders. It will also contain 
an assembly file of the overall assembly of the rocket.

1 Upper Section
This will contain one subfolders: 1 Nose Cone

1 Upper Section > 1 Nose Cone
This will contain the nose cone as a standalone part.

2 Middle Section
This will contain three subfolders: 1 Upper Airframe, 2 Recovery Bay, and 3 Middle 
Airframe. It will also contain an assembly file of the assembled middle section in 
the main directory.

2 Middle Section > 1 Upper Airframe
This will contain the upper airframe tube. It will be a standalone part.

2 Middle Section > 2 Recovery Bay
This will include the recovery bay coupler, switchband, bulkheads, and all associated 
recovery bay hardware. It will contain an assembly of the recovery bay

2 Middle Section > 3 Middle Airframe
This will contain the middle airframe tube. It will be a standalone part.


3 Lower Section
This will contain 3 subfolders: 1 Lower Airframe, 2 Motor Retention System, 
and 3 Fins. It will also contain an assembly file of the assembled lower section in the 
main directory.

3 Lower Section > 1 Lower Airframe
This will contain the lower airframe tube. It will be a standalone part.

3 Lower Section > 2 Motor Retention System
This will contain the centering rings, motor mount, thrust plate, retainers, motor 
casing centering rings, and motor. These will be standalone parts

3 Lower Section > 3 Fins
This will contain the fins as a standalone part.


4 Miscellaneous
This will contain miscellaneous CAD files relating to the sub scale rocket

5 Reference Files
This will include all .txt files that will be used for external reference to define 
dimensions of the parts.